It doesn't count as I said
This is Miss Jin's decision
Then I might as well die
Who let you die?
Take him away from me
Great, ingot is awake
Seats are successful
Finally, my baby grandson is okay.
I'm relieved
Now I'm really old
Want to retire first
Before, I was blind to Tarzan
I don't know your true identity
Now I understand.
You are the owner of the building
And I will always be your servant
I will wait for your demolition at any time.
Continue to safeguard the peace of the hero
Get up.
Those who don't know don't blame you, but those who care are messy
Now that the dust has settled on this matter
You should go back first, thank Longjun for your kindness
Now other things should also be liquidated